
Mini games script

Fashion house

The first game is about to start and you take a nervous deep breath as you walk towards the stage.
You’re not worried about this one as much as the others. Being in the Fashion house has prepared you well. You know how to give off a confident aura. Plus, with all the advice you got from Mother, you know your outfit is banging.
You get into character and strike a pose as the curtains unveil. You start walking down the runway, displaying all parts of your outfit. People cheer as your heels knock against the marble floor. You smile as people clap and yell your name. You strike a pose one more before walking back in the same elegant style.

Vogue house

The first game is about to start and you take a nervous deep breath as you walk towards the stage.
You’re not worried about this one as much as the others. Being in the Vogue house has prepared you well. You’ve gone over the dance so many times, it’s muscle memory at this point.  Plus, with all the advice you got from Mother about your dip, you know you’re going to nail it.
As the music starts up, you feel your body relaxing and naturally moving to the rhythm and beat.
Before you know it, you’ve completed your performance and the crowd is erupting in cheers.

Siren house:

The first game is about to start and you take a nervous deep breath as you walk towards the stage.
You’re not worried about this one as much as the others. Being in the Siren house has prepared you well. You prepare yourself to give the most seducing performance of a lifetime.
You check out your outfit one more time in the mirror. It’s hard to believe that’s your reflection staring back. You’ve put together an outfit that highlights all your best features; your chiseled jaw, toned stomach, tight fit pants to show off the curve of your legs.
With one more look, you walk to the stage. The crowd is terrifying at first but you just close your eyes and concentrate. Just like how you trained.
You do every move with sharpness and grace. The crowd is going wild and you smile brightly as you stand in your final pose, breathing hard.


Other games:

You know this one won’t be your best but you’ve practiced well for it as well. You know where your strengths lie and you’ll get the turn to show that off soon.
